Add info on enabling profiling in Kibana. (#2937)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/profiling-get-started.asciidoc

To set up Universal Profiling on your {ecloud} deployment, you need to:

. <<profiling-enable-kibana, Enable Universal Profiling in {kib}>>
. <<profiling-configure-data-ingestion, Configure data ingestion>>

[discrete]
[[profiling-enable-kibana]]
=== Enable Universal Profiling in Kibana

To enable Universal Profiling in {kib}, complete the following steps:

> . Log in to https://cloud.elastic.co[{ecloud}] and locate your deployment.

Reviewer: There was a big push a while back to use attributes when linking to the cloud console so that we can track documentation referrals. Not sure if we're still concerned about it, but it can't hurt.

```suggestion
. Log in to {ess-console}[{ecloud}] and locate your deployment.

```

> . Log in to https://cloud.elastic.co[{ecloud}] and locate your deployment.

Reviewer 2: I would avoid this level of granularity when documenting steps in the cloud UI. The layout of the deployment page has changed a lot historically, and big changes can happen outside of stack releases. (This means that you could document something for 8.8 that's true now, but might not be true in a couple weeks or a month.)

I'd look at the way the cloud docs describe editing user settings and go with that approach. Maybe the topics under https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud/current/ec-editing-user-settings.html.

I'm not sure if this setup is also available for Elastic Cloud Enterprise. They have a slightly different style (like in [this topic](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-enterprise/current/ece-enable-auditing.html)).

I would ask someone on that team the best approach to follow here.

I also wonder if the cloud docs should/will cover this setup, too.

Reviewer 3: @mdbirnstiehl @dedemorton  - This is instruction is only specific to 8.8. We will enable profiling by default in version 8.9 - https://github.com/elastic/prodfiler/issues/3182
